
i want there to be a dialogue box underneath the rewrite called "rewrite the rewrite"; here the user puts customized instructions and the app rewrites the rewrite to his specifications; this function is aware of (i) the original text, (ii) the instructions given for the previous rewrite, and (iii) the rewrite; as well, as of course, (iv) the user's instructions for the re-rewrite. do you understand? so for example, i gave the app a logic text, and it fucked up the rewrite; specifically, it left out the fucking laws of logic (it replaced them with watered down paragraphses, contrary to my instructions)30 Laws of Logic
look at the text below; the rewrite left out the fucking laws of logic. and there is no way for to get the app to put them back in, because (even though i have aksed you 100s of times) there is no simple way to rewrite rewrite. 

J.-M. Kuczynski, PhD

Excluded Middle Non-contradiction Modus Ponens Modus Tollens Contraposition Double Negation Simplification Logical Addition Additive Identity
Multiplicative identity Transitivity
Self-equivalence Contraction Expansion
Generalized Expansion Consistency
Boolean Modus Ponens Boolean Modus Tollens Identity of Indiscernibles Indiscernibility of identicals Actuality of Necessity Possibility of Actuality Duality (Version 1)
Duality (Version 2) S5
Distributivity of Necessity
Non-distributivity of Possibility Extrusion
Absorption
Promiscuity of Necessity

Excluded Middle
 
p or not p
Either Jim has two cars or Jim does not have two cars

Non-contradiction

Not both p and not p
Jim does not both have and not have two cars

Modus Ponens

If p, and if p entails q, then q
If Jim has two cars, and if Jim’s being happy follows from his having two cars, then Jim is happy
Note: to say that p entails q is to say that q follows from p. in other words, p entails q means that if p, then q

Modus Tollens

If not q, and if p entails q, then not-p
If Jim is unhappy, and if Jim’s being happy follows from his having two cars, then Jim does not have two cars

Contraposition

p entails q is equivalent with not q entails not p
For x is a raven to entail that x is black is for x is non-black to entail that x is a non-raven.

Double Negation

p if, and only if, not not p
Any given statement is equivalent with the negation of its own negation.
 
Jim has two cars if, and only if, Jim does not not have two cars.
Note: to say that two statements are equivalent is to say that each entails the other.

Simplification

If p and q, then p
If Jim has two cars and bill is over 7 ft tall, then jim has two cars


Logical Addition

if p, then either p or q
If Jim has two cars, then either Jim has two cars or bill is over 7 ft tall

Additive Identity

If p, then either p or p
If Jim has two cars, then either Jim has two cars or Jim has two cars
Multiplicative identity If p, then p and p
If Jim has two cars, then either Jim has two cars and Jim has two cars

Transitivity

If p entails q and q entails r, then p entails r. p: Jim has exactly two cars
q: Jim has an even prime number of cars. r: Jim has a prime number of cars.
 
p entails q. q entails r. p entails r.

Self-equivalence

p if, and only if, p
Any given statement is equivalent with itself.

Contraction

p or not-p follows from q.
No statement does not entail a tautology.

Expansion

If p entails both q and not q, then p is false
x is a four sided triangle entails x has and does not have more than three sides. therefore it is false that x is a three sided triangle
This law is a consequence of the Law of Non-contradiction, taken in conjunction with modus tollens. it is therefore a derived law
Generalized Expansion

If q is a law of logic and p entails not-q, then p is false.
Explanation: If q is a truth of logic, then q holds in all possible worlds. Therefore, not-q is false in all possible worlds. Therefore, by modus tollens, anything that entails q is false in all possible worlds.

Consistency

If p entails not-p, then not-p.
No truth is inconsistent with itself p: x is a round square
 
q: x has exactly three sides.
p entails q. p also entails not-q. Therefore, p entails both q and not-q. Given the law of non-contradiction, q and not-q is false.
Therefore, by modus tollens, p is false.


Boolean Modus Ponens

If all f’s are g’s, then if x is an f, x is also a g.
This law is an analogue of modus ponens. what modus ponens says about statements, this law says about classes.

Boolean Modus Tollens

If all f’s are g’s, then if x is a non-g, x is a non-f
This law is an analogue of modus tollens. what modus tollens says about statements, this law says about classes.

Identity of Indiscernibles

Objects are identical when the same
If there is no characteristic that x has that y does not have and no characteristic that y has that x does not have, then x=y

Indiscernibility of identicals

Objects are the same when identical
If x and y are the very same object, then there is no characteristic x has that y does not have and no characteristic that y has that x does not have.
 
Actuality of Necessity
What is necessary is actual.
In other words, if p must be true, then p is true.
Squares must have four sides; therefore, squares do have four sides
Explanation: p is necessarily true if p is true in all possible worlds. if p is true in all possible worlds, then p is true in this world.

Possibility of Actuality

What is actual is possible
In other words, if p is true, then p can be true This law follows from the previous two
Duality (Version 1)
If p is necessarily true, then not-p is necessarily false
Squares have four sides is necessarily true. therefore, squares do not have four sides is necessarily false.

Duality (Version 2)

If p is possible, then p is not necessarily false.
Jim has two cars is possible. Therefore, Jim has two two cars is not necessarily false.

S5
If p is unconditionally true, then it is unconditionally the case that p is unconditionally true.
Given that squares have four sides is unconditionally true, it follows that
squares have four sides is unconditionally true is unconditionally true.
 
Distributivity of Necessity
If p is necessarily true and q is necessarily true, then p and q is necessarily true.
p: Squares have four sides q: Triangles have three sides
p is necessarily true, and so is q. therefore, it is necessarily the case that both p and q.

Non-distributivity of Possibility
Given only that p is possible and that q is possible, it does not follow that thye are compossible. in other words, p and q is possible does not follow from p is possible and q is possible
p: Jim has more than two cars q: Jim has less than two cars.
p and q is not possible, even though p is possible and q is possible.

Extrusion

If q is a contradiction, then p or q is equivalent with p
Either Jim is wealthy or Squares have three sides is equivalent with Jim is wealthy.

Absorption

If q is a tautology, then p and q is equivalent with p.
Jim is wealthy and Squares have four sides is equivalent with Squares have four sides.


Promiscuity of Necessity
 
If p is necessary, then q entails p, for any q.
Given that squares have four sides is necessary, there is no truth and no falsehood that does not entail it.
Explanation: If p is necessary, there is no world where not-p is true and a fortiori no world where q and not-p is true. For q to entail p is for there to be no world where q and not-p is true. Therefore, q entails p.

